---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-07T19:57:02.777Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-07T19:57:02.241Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-07-d963b9ed-1520-4733-a5d1-04aadb218675.md
published: true
url: d963b9ed-1520-4733-a5d1-04aadb218675/index.html
_type: Article

---
## So how do we Tap into These Frequencies?

We can Tap into Different vibrational Frequencies by first taping into our emotions. now that sounds easier than done.. so how do you tap into your emotions?? lets first start by our 5 senses, touch, smell, taste, hearing and seeing. Ok.. So now lets start with my favourite one.. Seeing, you can start with your favourite one.... I am an artist that used to paint a lot. So I used to love looking at all the tiny details of the things that are around me. like the little line on the table that your sitting, the little holes on your computer or smart phone. try to see the smallest detail that your eyes can see. Focus is the Key here. Focus on just Seeing The Smallest Detail possible. Don't worry if you can't see the smaller detail just go to your best capability, the point is not being able to see the smaller detail but to tap into The Zone. Be Fascinated by what your seeing. Be amazed of the small intricate Details and be in a state of questioning of wonderment and Curiosity. If that doesn't satisfy you than go to another Sense. Lets Go with Hearing.... Listen to Everything.... Again the key is focus, curiosity, amazement, Wonderment. Listen to the silence.. listen to the noises in your house, listen to the noises outside... and again be amazed... How is all this possible? how are we capable of listening, and seeing.... and if your thinking, well... its because of the sound emits sound waves that travels to the ears and than is decoded by the brain... well yes but how ?? how can we do all that without thinking ? how come our subconscious mind is capable of doing that? always bring that wonderment to the next level. these are unanswerable questions. and even if we do find another answer there will always be more questions right after.. we will never find all the answers.. How ? why ? don't try to answer the questions.. just be amazed by its possibility. try these with all of the senses... 

So now we will take that wonderment to another area.. i want you to place your Hands like your holding a basket ball, i want you to be relaxed.. and start looking at what you feel inside your palms. and be in curiosity, wonderment and amazement and the smallest of details.. a small feeling of heat.. a small feeling of a breeze when your in closed doors, the sensation of blood going to your fingers....... at some point you might feel a small tingling sensation.... just to know more or less how those tingling sensation should feel like.. take your two hands and rub them fast together, like what mister Miagi does in the karate kid, once you stop you should start feeling a tingling sensation inside your palm, like ants crawling on your palm.. 

that might give you an idea of how the sensations could feel. but apparently it is different for everyone. so discover what you feel in your palms and start from there... you can then go and expand those feelings everywhere in your body, feel them on your legs, your core, your shoulders, neck and head. Everywhere. 

For people that are skeptical about the Energy Treatments i give them the Holistic Massage therapy session. 

where i still use the same Frequencies as the Energetic treatment But i get guided in giving an Healing massage therapy session. My hands will get guided to press in pressure points, do small adjustments and give an amazing massage to open you up to the frequencies that i give in the Energetic treatment.